chore: updated docs and readmes (#598)
defenseunicorns/uds-package-dubbd: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute

## Get Your Machine Ready

> **Warning**

> > machine requirements ...knowledge needed

Reviewer: I know we had this as a note if running k3d locally:

> Minimum compute requirements for single node deployment are at LEAST 48 GB RAM and 12 virtual CPU threads (preferrably in a VM)

I think there's minimal machine requirements if you aren't running DUBBD locally (i.e. just doing development). I guess enough free space to store the package (5+gb probably?).

Reviewer 2: Perhaps just move the warning in this doc to the `prereq-steps.md` file and leave the link to it.
Per @mjnagel - in  `prereq-steps.md` it may be useful to differentiate between what is needed to:
- build
- deploy
  - local cluster
  - remote cluster

[Prequisite Installs Needed](./docs//prereq-steps.md)

## How to build & deploy DUBBD versions

> When working on DUBBD, follow [these steps](./docs/building-package.md) for getting registry authentication setup and building / deploying packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working on DUBBD, follow [these steps](./docs/howto-packages.md) for getting registry authentication setup and building / deploying packages.
```
I think this is the fixed link?

You can also checkout the [developer-notes.md](./docs//developer-notes.md) for more specifc help on working with certain packages.

## Contribution Flow

### Issues

Check github to see if your issue has already been addressed. If not, then please create an issue detailing, as much as possible, the desired feature or bug to be fixed.

### Branches

> The DUBBD team practices trunk-based development with short-lived feature branches. These branches are deleted once they have been merged.

Reviewer: I don't know if we want to address forks here? Anyone outside our org would need to fork, then make a branch. I think short lived branches applies regardless, not sure if fork is assumed.

### Draft PR

We recommend creating a draft PR on first commit to your working branch. Understandably there might not be much to show right away, but it allows for the team to better track and see WIP.

> - **PR Name** - There are no strict rules regarding PR names. Preferrably they're short and descriptive, but it's ok if they need to be longer in order to be descriptive.

Reviewer: I _think_ its ideal if their PR follows a conventional commit so that the merge commit (which defaults to the PR name I believe). Maybe @MxNxPx can confirm before you change this.

> - **Link PR to Issue** - Either in the name or in a comment, please link your PR to the issue. Checkout https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Link PR to Issue** - In the description of your PR, please link your PR to the issue. See https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue for keywords supported.
```
I think description (or commit message) is required to ensure auto-closing, etc?

- **Commit Message** - Please follow the conventional commit pattern for at least your first commit, if not for all commits. Commits will be squashed on merge, which is why it's important at least the first commit follows the specification. Checkout https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#specification

### Resolve Conflicts

Merge main into your branch and resolve any conflicts.

### Review

Once your PR is ready, you can request a review.

> 

Reviewer 2: May be helpful to link `howto-dubbd-release.md` in this doc for more info on the post-merge process for a change making it to a release.
